Update IMap Portable SQL documentation (#2991)
hazelcast/hazelcast-jet: site/docs/sql/imap-connector.md

* `keyPortableClassId`, `valuePortableClassId`
* `keyPortableVersion`, `valuePortableVersion`: optional, default is `0`

If you omit a column list from the `CREATE MAPPING` command, Jet will
resolve column names and types by looking at the `ClassDefinition`
found using the given factory ID, class ID, and version.

> Given the triplet of factory ID, class ID and version does not
> correspond to an existing `ClassDefinition`, the column list is
> mandatory.

Reviewer: We should explicitly say that we'll create the `ClassDefinition`:
```suggestion
If the `ClassDefinition` with the given IDs is not known to the cluster,
the column list is mandatory and Jet will create the `ClassDefinition`
based on the column list.
```
